[Music]
Good night with the family how are you, go on,
rímac or what do we do every time
someone becomes a sub knows that it's the best
that it is you guys surely I don't know you don't
know
when I'm live with Mrs.
Hería on TV to the CEO
but I do the live from the same
bs
and when you do good members sub of
tweets I also get the
notification there from TV to the SEO and the
ladies don't understand anything but I only
explain or ice from the cabrera that was
false you already saw something we see old
mensah
the old table like streets of old women
hype train family train of the hide rivers
the boy who did it and dances favor yes yes yes
yes he doesn't want to continue it's good
family equally avoid the air
compile that topic for me let's see what I have
prepared
and it's that
well there was an
uncomfortable tense moment yesterday between believing that you are I do
n't know let's see it and we give our opinion
and it's that I could have bothered gref
some comment I left half
let's see
if I were single I thought that you can't
hear everything for another time go go
forgive me  friends you
want so many rats but now it doesn't
configure it well we put it back
live that I don't know how to get out you go I
told you because he was a minor or something
like that and then because
necessary how is it that he is very small and I
say well
if I were single I would give him
says issue about h
that is handsome but he is small
since 2003
so since 2003
if he is from 2003 he is not a minor he is
h he is 19 there is not a click of Christina
go about those of grace and issue friend
friends calm down a little
calm down a little and let me do things
calmly the devil knows more because he is
old than because he is the devil okay let's
see what you think about the comment
if I were single I would give him man he
is a little
direct the comment
a little direct the comment I don't know if he is
rude but a little direct
no no no let's see
when I am going to tell you that a girl
was very good very pretty although I
like whatever I say it as if at my
age she is others too I tell you my age is
already I am
allowed almost anything it
is not a joke you do not know what is wrong with it  bad I mean it would be
silly if you
like someone like for example me Paula
Echevarria
what's up
and I like it too with family reminding me
that
anyone on Twitter models things like that
no there's nothing wrong with it I mean not
telling her hiding it would be silly
videos small like cheating like that I
see a person in the person I like well I like her I mean I
love this girl you
know nothing bad happens I'm not
in love I love her it's that I love
okay Natalia 'operación triunfo' I've
always loved her my whole life but if we
started a traffic jam Telem today those
stalkers and the truth is for me to be
completely out of session be I don't want to
know anything about anyone who collaborates with those
kinds of people I'm understood by a guy who has
said a thousand stupid things
to all kinds of people
and then he goes around being a feminist like I don't know
how much you're collaborating with those people
with Telmo with the chupa chups and that one I don't
know what the other one was called no but anyway
the thing those no there's
absolutely nothing wrong with saying that
you like someone of course I can
like many women fall in love I can
be with one and love one I can love one
well  you understand me I like myself I
like it a lot even people I
don't know Patricia Conde of
course totally today we saw
a video and practiced with interest in the
PSE or
so then of course literally literally what there was
seems like a lack of
respect it depends on how you say it
Juan said he would have a tournament and he should be there I should tell him to get involved
tell him to get involved that it is the
tournament that
the screw 67 the same maybe
that topic could enter Estela well he
behaves like a stalker watch out
for Maika but for Michael Archer because
if it is to build or something but in the
Micra
if I already told you mom egg it is to
build it is the one you told me
so this afternoon it is that if it is to
build I don't know are you going to see us playing
if it is a rolle there are stories and things
like the other day if he we have the one that
grew based on voice and on top of that he
boasted no no but there are more
things on the contrary
more things the sense of how he has
achieved you are going to flip out how he
achieved the promos that he does
promotions and so on on top of that the
guy boasts that he  call the brands you don't have to
have balls you
have to have balls that Telmo to
brag about being called by the brands
doing it the way they called him
and how he got it he came to see
Telmo to him so as not to see it happens that it
is not relevant
for them to innovate to be relevant it was a
powerful video I have everything I have
everything compiled so he found the
moment but this guy I feel like calling him
because he is a
very careful scoundrel and I should have
sued him his day if he had known the
law at that time they
dedicated themselves to humiliating me for a
private conversation when I was
starting out I asked him hey how is it that
the videos are going to become
trending there is no other super boom rookie
him besides rookie boomer no I
go to the kids who talked about
paying to put videos in trends
of the
promotion trend orioles is the
next one I did not understand and the guy started to
publish the conversations to
laugh at friends and I know
and the scoundrel
that I am going to dedicate a video to you but in the
main one very powerful or rather the guy
to where  I understand he works in
a chat agency, it wo
n't be an agency for something, I don't know if they are the
ones that lead to influence and I have to
count how the guy
gets the promotions he does
because in reality they don't want to
be influential, for what art he has
none, I have no [ __ ] idea how
Barceló took her and put her in the
so-called guy
to freak out, I tell you when I say
that something is to freak out and to throw your
hands to your head it's because to
freak out you know that I don't sell
smoke and let's say that you can insult
people in the worst way, the
platforms have not asked for forgiveness, the
horny people, these birds are on
fire with people but in
lamentable and disgusting ways and I see
Natalia who has always acted as a feminist, I
don't know what to do a program with that guy
and put a video clip with that guy
for my partner and look how much I loved him, I have
always liked him not only
physically, he is a fan of
her songs since 'operación
triunfo' and anyone in
my family who calls me on the phone knows it,
my cousin still asks when she comes out  her
singing in something at the end of the year without the
galas and all that no but since I did that I'm
sorry friends comment / surrounds herself with
these people far far away made me chosen
far away the editor and well returning to the
subject that we have totally deviated
the subject of the minutes the [ __ ]
of the minutes in
the YouTube comments will get
into me with reason that it doesn't seem
bad to me it seems perfect to say that you
love someone if you love it you
love it and if you like it and if she's hot she's
hot then she's hot no to
me what would seem annoying would
depend on how to say it for
example I would support her I would put them in
tonight where those types of comments
I will never hear me here say
about Pablo Chavarría I support the other
part I don't think it is necessary and no no it doesn't
go with my way of speaking I also
tell you no no in my way of speaking but
I think that that would be a lack of
respect no no longer see how I gave him ops already
eating that that time but
hot he loves it
then the comment from semita I
gave it to him
man it didn't happen it
's not very pleasant no  it's a very nice
comment it
's not very nice it
's a very nice comment the truth is
if there are plans asking me to take him eight
years
older than we love you in my child
me
but xavi in ​​that case they are colleagues don't you
see it differently it's as if you say that you
like nothing knowing that he has a
relationship or me but I wouldn't say in a
direct I gave it to the fairy
in fact it even seems disrespectful
to her boyfriend I
gave it to him I gave it to him
well it's not the worst it's not the worst
comment it's not the
worst comment but I don't know it doesn't
seem like the best to me either I don't leave it
to your free choice I'm going to listen can
you explain this
today I'm seeing everything today with
penis shaped things I'm not going through something
strange in my head hard it's a sign that
deactivates me please there are children watching I do
n't know why you always think that I'm
with you or with you the mode is activated
I don't say anything you don't have to
worry grecos
imagine if the comment was the
other way around
imagine if the comment was
serious about being djukic for example
for example you think once I don't know if he said
that she was very good he put on a face he
literally is
[Music] I
put it in the videos I remember it
was the video okay
watch it there's a lot of his life
dt serious that you were being here watch out for
being yuc and watch out for being here yesterday it
cost me or she's a pretty
good gamer she's a very good streamer the
truth is they have a lot of quality be yuki
the same you find her
here suddenly dressed as a police officer who
stops you and you let yourself be arrested you
show no opposition to the law the same she
writes your name on this blackboard in the
back you take a picture and you leave the
streaming like a bird there you go you go you go
put on the suit I'm sick of
repeating it remotely live
this is mind-blowing given that people
where to put your name you take
a picture and you play it in your room
and you walk around every night I'm going
to her this date for this
comment the truth
[Music] let's
see be youkioske was seen
live with quite a few beware I know how much
vigor she usually has be yuki guys I'm going to
see I'm going to see the clips for a
bullet see the clips of
she is beautiful she
is of course
be yuki get ready  the birds that I already
see you there appear characters that all
the clips with their backs to each other and making
strange postures but well like this
edition we have to react to the clips
because we have to understand a little what
is happening to give the computer
obviously we are not going to make the exception let's
see let's go there little turn
badly reacting to these clips because
they are for what they are
all this
[Music]
is who they say some sons of [ __ ] I
already said that because this clip was
famous we really are a field of horny turnips
man that's what there is we are we are
animals
and we are animatronic
allow it to be fine what you have said
the truth what you have said is that
alkortase half and half until very
short
heart to me I get married say what you want say what
you want semi but
really what you want what
comes out of the grapefruit semi I
am very needy
the teacher joking for me it depends on the
way of saying things it seems
respectful not only with your partner but
even for people okay even for
people to me the comment is decreed
for example I do not like them or rather at least he
is calling me boom in  no but to me that thing
about magic being a jerk look at the
photo deia for 20
but they always
say it between them each couple in their
couple they set their own rules let's
say and they have their own things that they
allow each other and their own
trust so between them they don't
bother each other about these I imagine that
when he starts making these types of
comments in the live shows and so on let's
see
gemma when you see this I'm doing a
draw and I'm reacting to the clips of
being yuki because she reacts to the clips of
the most famous people okay don't get mad
I love you a kiss
[Laughs]
some
but that they were ceilings it
seems to me but the comments that she has
made in the afternoon that her comment
her comment
was what they allow themselves okay and look
or are you left wanting well let's see is
that I am in need why isn't she coming yes of
course if you come with us this needs
ah okay
first conclusion from now on
every time I see a girl who is hot
that does it she does it how tremendous she is she is
active let's see if I become an
[ __ ] that for glass has
but I hope it does not offend you avoid him  he
returned the coke or totally or rather
because this is equality for both
[Music]
and I will do it with girls that you have done
with girls of what
and the example of soccer
is to
find a girl that on the one hand but
on the other hand of this clip everything is
good well apart from the teo but there is a
part that worries me you know what it is
[Music]
evidently
this evil
says Pablo someone knows how much is the
viso for the audio of chará it is not
that in reality I have it more set for
sir it hurt you does not send and audio
you want us to put audio before
finishing the live we put audio if you
want
but the viso like your hanger like beach
our relationship because this worries me
because I know that it is true because you do not
say you do not touch your breast like that and that is
nuanced a weight why
and those days
like those days it has been today
when I exploded tell me
clock take my beats
not to see this from today this from a long
time ago when
yesterday
okay but it is normal that you are told a
nipple talking to Christina and surrounding
because I know that for real
and if it is not okay
well let's change our attitude a little bit
from now on in the live stream
first I'm going to react to a video of
horny streamers let's go I don't know what
else to say
beautiful Nadia well that
said dear friends we continue
with today's live stream let's see what
Christian says and I
think I
broke up quickly a relationship the broken up
now I'm the black widow of
relationships I'm
going to show you I'm going to show you
a kid
click weitz
the illusion of a kid in
love
completely
crazy with love
loaded I've ruined the relationship
but it's normal to use a nipple
talking to Christina and surrounding
because I know that here test is really done
what role does
Gema really think she was here
surrounding
come on
very poor
yes of course
but I can't
a nipple talking to Christina and
surrounding
because I know that the ibex is really done well
let's change our attitude a little bit
from now on in the live stream
first I'm going to react to a video of
horny streamers
but I had this
judge let's
see serious don't freak out dude it means
if I were g half
is that I  I am the support if I weren't me I would
like to be like me my friend don't worry you
're not you I'm
the mare please normal that the girl
has doubts normal
seen normal I'm the [ __ ] do
n't get mad at her it's not her fault
the poor thing does what she can but she
couldn't resist I understand
well family
in the middle of
everything half
20 thousand I'll tell you my final conclusion
the clip of
gref grave's comments have been
worse than those of leaving them half and
half you have to cut it short say whatever you want
daughter a kiss
[Music]